We have a powerful interview
to share with you now.
I first spoke with Gully Dunne
when I was in Israel last November.
Her 18 year old daughter,
Mayan, was murdered by Hamas
on October 7th in front of her family.
Hamas then held the dozens
at gunpoint on the floor of their kitchen
for hours,
live streaming
the whole thing on Facebook.
The ordeal ended with Hamas
kidnaping gullies.
Husband Zaki Gali and I spoke again
in northern Israel this week.
We talked at length about the pain
she's endured.
Her plea for officials
to reach a hostage deal,
and her hope
that she will see her
husband alive again.
Thank you very much for talking to us.
It's been almost a year
since we last had this conversation.
First of all, how are you doing?
Good question.
in my worst nightmares,
I wouldn't believe that we are meeting
in this situation where nothing changed.
Actually.
Charlie's feeling the Hamas.
Charlie Dunne, your husband?
Yeah. 50 years old.
He was kidnaped by Hamas.
And your daughter?
My young, 18 years old.
She was murdered that day. Yeah.
And you've been living with that?
Both of those enormous,
enormous tragedies all this time?
Yes.
It's been 313
days of hell.
we are out of breath.
Just like them in captivity
and being hostage by by Hamas,
which are terrorists and murderers.
He was kidnaped and taken to Gaza.
What's the latest
you've heard about his condition?
The latest was, it's,
end of November,
when,
the release of, the hostages last release
of hostages from Gaza.
I had an eyewitness say that
she was with him for for a few
for a day or two, and she talked to him,
and he was really emotionally
down, and,
thinking about my son
and what happened, and, that he misses.
I don't know if he knows if we are okay.
And it was a really long time ago
that that day that she told me that
she saw him.
It's unimaginable
that we are sitting right now after this
time, and nothing changed.
He's not back.
They're not back.
They're not all back.
It's.
It's unthinkable.
It's unthinkable and unbearable.
And we live in this.
In this,
In this audacity.
Every day, every hour,
thinking about our loved ones
in in hostage conditions.
Do you have any hope
that these negotiations,
which are taking place
and are about to resume,
will result in a ceasefire
and be the release of the hostages,
including your husband?
Most definitely. Yes. Yes.
the only way that Charlie and 114
other hostages can come back.
Some alive, some dead for
a proper burial,
is the
only way is in in, in a deal.
The only way is in a deal.
You cannot make.
and and and army and,
you know, a mission to to save them all.
You cannot do that.
Well, further complicating
this whole situation
now is the possibility
that Iran might attack Israel. Yes.
And that could happen within days. Yes.
And presumably that would undermine
whatever negotiations
might be taking place
for a cease fire and a hostage release.
Yes, I know, it's like,
it's it's I'm trying not to be.
I'm trying to filter
the ongoing threats from all over
and keep my eye on the hostages and
on sacking my husband, my loved one,
my better half.
the threat is here,
and I think it's been ongoing for,
few months.
It's not a new thing.
I think they need to close this deal.
So all the, all the,
the Middle East can be
relaxed from this situation
because the situation is is burning.
And if the Middle East will become
a battle zone,
it won't be a third World War.
I don't see it.
It will take all the allies
into the situation.
It's horrific.
What do you miss most about your husband?
I miss his voice.
And,
I miss his hugs.
And I miss the,
the time that we have together.
And I miss him.
joking with the kids
and laughing.
And making dinner with him
and watching a movie.
Taking a walk.
I miss every little thing.
It's been too long.
It's unbearable.
We have no air anymore.
They have to come back.
It's part of us.
And your daughter?
My son.
She was killed.
Murdered that day? Yes.
You miss her? Obviously.
Every day too.
Oh, just something.
I feel
is something that, is.
I cannot
grieve about my.
Because I'm in an ongoing war
to save my husband.
I didn't went to see her grave.
I could, and it's going to be a year,
and I need to go and see her,
and I can't.
I need to be here and
we need to do it together.
He needs to see her grave.
He needs to grieve with me.
We need to hold each other through this.
And.
And as all of us know, October 7th.
It's almost.
The year was the worst day
of Jews being murdered
since the Holocaust. Yes.
It's interesting that you are saying,
because today I thought that
I think the mark,
the horrific marks of Jewish
is the Holocaust and the 7th of October.
You're so right.
This is
I think it will be a stain
in Israeli history.
And it will be worse
if the hostages will not come back.
Come back
and I, I will not I will not allow them
to sacrifice my husband
for the sake of war.
How are your other children dealing
with all this now?
Our young kids,
the very young Sean is, 16.
She turned 16
while,
this year has passed.
And,
Yael is, 12,
and she is ten.
there are some good days
and some bad days.
we are all talking about my.
And all the time.
they have some times
that they are breaking down
and crying and missing their sister and.
Yeah.
And a few days ago, Sean came to my room
crying in the middle of the night
and said, I want my daddy,
I want daddy.
I miss my girl and I want that he.
And it's.
And you need to.
And you need to hug her.
And just what can I say to her?
What can I say to her?
What answer is there?
I can't bring her.
Her dad.
I wish I could.
I would have in any means.
I need the government
and everybody that are
in the doing of this deal
to bring home alive.
Like he was taken.
He was taken a line.
He needs to come back alive.
I hope he does.
I hope he comes back soon.
And when he does,
I hope to come and meet him.
I promise you that when he comes back,
we'll do a recap. Good.
I'd like to talk to him,
and I'm keeping the hope.
That's what we said the last time.
We need to know.
And we are 330 days after.
Yeah,
it's a long time.
It's a long time.
It's unbearable.
Wolf, we need to breathe again.
And to breathe.
We need them back.
All of them back.
Let's hope the next time we meet.
Thank you.
Sorry is back.
Oh, it's going to be amazing.
I have this picture that is coming back,
and I'm
meeting in the hospital
with the kids running
toward him and Jane running toward him.
And
it's going to be a strong reunion.
And, we need this circle to be closed.
And so.
But that was,
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
As we say.
Let's hope, let's hope.
Bring them back.
Please. Please, please.